hey guys like here for my except
NORTHCOM I got the old hog killer out
here because I'm getting ready to do a
review on the new trophy ridge react Pro
you guys who have seen my videos from
the last couple of years you know how
much I like the trophy ridge react it's
what I've hunted with for the last
lessons they come out with it was very
impressed with that site right from the
get-go and if I had one complaint about
that site he was just the weight on it
and that was about the only complaint I
had on it was a little bit heavy but
that definitely the advantage is
definitely outweigh the weight of it and
like I said I got it I got my hog killer
out here this is the bow my bear arena
that I used to kill my my hog if you
were about a month ago and I put this I
had to react on at the end I took it off
and put this react pro on here and have
been extremely extremely impressed with
this Raptor Pro they've changed a lot of
things on this thing but they've kept
the technology the same and the
technologies what I love about it and
they've made a huge huge improvement in
this react Pro over the traditional
react this one is it's got the same
technology that it has on the other side
in your 20 yard pan using your micro
your toolless adjustment here it's got
the toolless adjustment up and down left
and right
so you sighting your 20 yard pin using
that then you step back to 30 yards and
you site in your 20 your 30 yard pan
using this dial right here and your
really fine-tune 30 and then 40 50 60
they're automatically set this is a 5
pin site so those distances are set for
you and one thing I found what to react
and I host you with this react Pro is I
get my 30-yard dialed in and my 40 yard
is is really really close but what I
found is if I'll go 20 and then 40 and
really dial in that 40 yard pin it makes
it a little bit more accurate so when I
go to 30 I'll go ahead and side in my 30
yard pin and when I go back to 40 I'll
make just this to fine-tune little
adjustments at 40 and my 50 and 60 are
just absolutely dead on from there so
like I said this is a 5 pin site it is
available in oh one oh and oh one
I have the O 1 9 version you got two
green or red and two green on the bottom
some guys don't like that setup I love
it I love it because I automatically
know my 4 yard pin I don't look at color
so color doesn't matter to me I count I
go by number I got number 1 number 2
number 3 when I get to full draw I know
with that red pin is my 40 yard my 40
yard pin so 4 yard and I go up or go
down from there so it really makes it
easy for me to pick it out this has a
ton of fiber-optic in it so it's a good
nice right side got a lot of fiber-optic
on the outside here I've got stainless
steel hardware throughout it's not an
adjustable rheostat on the light here
and that when you light that thing up
this site is really bright anyway when
you light that thing up it makes it even
that much brighter it is really great
light bright also has a glow ring here
has the clear housing here to protect
your your fiber optics and everything
here is just really really designed well
to protect your fiber optics and protect
your pin
it has a tooless adjustment on your
windage and your elevation it has a
micro click adjustment on here you can
loosen this thing up you can hear that I
just miss my sight up but you can hear
that that clicking and that that enables
you to get this thing really really
dialed in and get it really really like
I said stainless steel throughout and it
also has a second axis adjustment on it
which I really like I don't ever mess
with third axis getting that messed
around but I really like that the second
x axis adjustment it's got multiple
mounting holes in it that's out like I
said it's got a little bit more but a
slimline design this one is lighter than
the old react and just you can really
tell the weight difference in the two
when you sit there and hold them this is
made out of solid 6061 aluminum which is
a very good high quality aluminum like I
said it has second third axis leveling
micro click windage adjustment and one
of the things I noticed too on this one
the react
whenever you loosen the react up on it
didn't happen on all of them one of my
reacts whenever I loosen that up the
housing would would drop just a little
bit this one you notice whenever I
loosen it up
stays absolutely still so it has
absolutely no slop in it the machining
on this is a lot better than what it is
on the standard react it has a bubble
level inside like I said it has the glow
ring in here that looks like about a two
inch housing so I'm just guessing there
but glow ring is in there really helps
in low-light really makes you pick it up
easy whenever your flat folderol except
to us adjustments on it your fiber
optics are all protected really well and
I'm just absolutely impressed with this
react Pro like I said I love the the
standard react this rack Pro just took
that wrap technology and made it that
much better it's lightweight it's it's
solid built good construction to it and
it's got a lot more adjustment to it you
can really fine-tune everything with the
micro adjustment on the side second
third axis adjustment on it I mean you
can really get this thing dialed in very
very precise and the react technology
for me has always been has always helped
my shooting ability at at 40 50 and 60
yards the hog that I shot with my with
this bow a couple of months about a
month ago I actually shot hurt that hog
at 40 yards and I hit him right where I
wanted to that the shot placement wasn't
great but that was my fault and the shot
it hit right where I had my pen and I
never were taking that shot before
before I started using the reacts it
just it really does improve my long
distance shooting by a ton I'm now more
confident at 40 45 50 yards than I than
I ever was so I use this site for
hunting I use it for 3d and I wouldn't
be afraid to use it for indoor spots but
for hunting in 3d this is definitely a
fantastic sight like I said because it
really does help you to dial in those
long yardage is that you're going to
encounter in the field and you're gonna
encounter at a pre issue so this is the
new react Pro and I think it's a big
improvement on an already pretty awesome
sight so definitely definitely check
this out I love the reacts and it's
what's on all
Bo's and all of my three demos actually
just for the first time set up a
different 3d bow with something besides
we react and it's got a trophy ridge
clutch on so for the first time in
probably three years I'm using something
besides a trophy Ridge react so
definitely check this out we'll put a
link down below to trophy ridges website
more product reviews how-to videos we
should check us out at I accept NORTHCOM
appreciate you guys watching